it was a moral monologue creeper in a medium
We will also present throughout the Arab world and in English
one
besides the commercial aspect for the production of wine in baja california
in an important center of tourist attraction
that we present in English
many islanders
without giving many minutes poem
one of the injured the inm
in which the family is revealed and did not line up inside and do not have or come
shining him
in the legend the pulse when we can forget the municipality of tecate and the
ballet cove
form the most important region of viticulture in mexico where it is produced
80% of the wine consumed in the country
The Mediterranean climate of this region is extraordinary for the cultivation of
vine is known as the wine route
It is a tourist attraction
the wine companies
there are natural sites for camping
restaurants indigenous communities
it's stay closed
you walk
the route of the wine and visions Rancho García at kilometer 3 of the
free highway tecate-inlet where his artisan wines are processed
Sunday
domodédovo as an attack
for now
eye
when a player
if he continues the ballet to ahmar
at kilometer 7 and a half where families are not charged that will spend a
Picnic is given to prove my not while resting that having fun and
apart the wine tasting
people can come to do their
nor your picnic
out of the returns of their health and their covers
your roasted meat
we have horseback riding
the valley of guadeloupe turns to the house of man
the only place where organic wine is processed has different trees
special chili jam is prepared figures until now investigate chiles
preserve
the fruit oil essences without using fertilizers
they are also sold
medicinal herbs are missing a light thistle with an isolated place and the
pancreas and kidneys
that they studied only that I have the ankylosed plants
and those plants I have the faith to cultivate also josé sand the vitivinícola
it is true that the largest in the region with 83 years the fractionators
cuts 40% of its lime production 27 countries of Europe towards you states
United
it is a wine they compete with the Chilean French and Argentine Spanish
we have over the 245 medals
na
in different lines being the most winners for example he raped him
the pesticide that is percent the index plus the most award-winning level
world
This is already a very important day for the house
In the next installment we continue with the wine route
through the valley of saint tomás and black eyes we will demonstrate the
cheese informed to use of the municipality of inlet
serrano reporter joel ayala sanchez